pull_request_template.md, before:

### Describe your changes
Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed.

## Issue ticket number and link

#### Checklist before requesting a review
#### General
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my code.
- [ ] Code changes are considered complete for the given story (i.e., the comments from code review are addressed)
- [ ] The commit title follows conventional commit standards.
- [ ] I have put the PR link into the planner.
- [ ] The PR has a clear and descriptive title and a detailed description of the changes.
- [ ] Code builds cleanly without any errors or warnings
 
#### Code Quality
- [ ] I have run linting and there were no errors
- [ ] 
 
#### Testing
- [ ] New functionality is tested
- [ ] All unit and integration tests passed
- [ ] The changes have been reviewed for accessibility compliance.
 
#### Deployment
- [ ] Documentation has been updated where needed
- [ ] Any required database migrations have been added and tested
 
#### Security
- [ ] No sensitive data is hard-coded or exposed

Commit message:

refactor: added accessibility check in pull_request_template.md

pull_request_template.md, after:

### Describe your changes
Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed.

## Issue ticket number and link

#### Checklist before requesting a review
#### General
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my code.
- [ ] Code changes are considered complete for the given story (i.e., the comments from code review are addressed)
- [ ] The commit title follows conventional commit standards.
- [ ] I have put the PR link into the planner.
- [ ] The PR has a clear and descriptive title and a detailed description of the changes.
- [ ] Code builds cleanly without any errors or warnings
 
#### Code Quality
- [ ] I have run linting and there were no errors
- [ ] The changes have been reviewed for accessibility compliance.
 
#### Testing
- [ ] New functionality is tested
- [ ] All unit and integration tests passed
- [ ] The changes have been reviewed for accessibility compliance.
 
#### Deployment
- [ ] Documentation has been updated where needed
- [ ] Any required database migrations have been added and tested
 
#### Security
- [ ] No sensitive data is hard-coded or exposed
